So through the use of qualifiers you can see how we can have a lot of control over how the Spring Framework
will select one bean over a different bean for Dependency Injection scenario.
Now there is another way that we can control this and this is with the Primary Bean annotation.
So this is where we could have one or more beans of the same type and we want it. We just want to say
well when in doubt just go ahead and use this one as the primary bean. So you can have so several beans
of the same type as we do now and we can designate one of them as a primary and then the candidates
for that, that are having their dependency injected into them.
We don't need to do anything special there because if we have multiple and one of them is primary and
the others are not, then the Spring Framework will say basically when in doubt use this one that
is marked as the primary.
If you have not done anything as a qualifier on the candidate object that is having that dependency
injected into it.
So now I'm gonna jump over to IntelliJ and show you an example of this in action. We'll wire up a little
primary bean example for you to see.
OK.
What we'll do is let's go ahead and set up a primary greeting service.
So when I come under here service and we'll create a new class
so it just say primary greeting service. We'll add that in. This is going to implement the greeting service.
We'll implement that method and let's return back hello world.
so I'm gonna say hello world from the primary bean and of course I want this to be a service.
And now what we'll do is we'll say that this is primary like so.
So that sets that up as the primary bean. The qualifier will take precedence over primary. But when
there isn't any situation where there is no qualifier, this is the situation that we want to control
for.
So let's go ahead and refactor my controller, the original controller that we are working with.
Let's refactor him to actually use that.
So follow the best practice so we'll do private final greeting service.
We'll set up a greeting service like this.
We'll add in a constructor.
And remember we don't need to have the autowire there. Let's get rid of the system out.
Output and we'll set this up to use the greeting service provide the greeting the greeting service that
gets injected into this. So that refactors that. Let's come in here to the application. We'll get rid of
this but we'll take this original one and we'll say my controller say a hello. We'll do a system out
and we'll say the primary bean there. Now let's go ahead and run the application and we should see that
my controller gets wired up because that is the primary bean. We'll see the primary bean output.
So now you can see the primary bean. We are in fact getting the hello world from the primary bean.
So just to quickly recap what what we did in this. We provided another instance of the greeting service
that implements the greeting service interface, annotated it as a Spring service so that brings that
up as a Spring component and then we marked it as primary.
Now in my controller you can see that we've just added in the property for the greeting service. Added
on the constructor.
No need for the autowire and also no need for the qualifier.
So remember on the constructor injected controller we added in this qualifier.
Now if I take this away I delete that and I run this again you'll see that we'll get the primary bean
injected into the constructor injected controller as well.
So now you can see that now once again in the primary bean but  I don't want to do that.
I'm going to just hit control Z and undo that and leave that in there.
So that's some that you can experiment with if you want to see how primary and qualifier can work together
in controlling how classes get injected into your Spring managed components.